
 Article Title: Scotiabank Taps State Street’s Aristeguieta to Run International Unit
Article Keywords: ['strategy', 'bloomberg', 'scotiabanks', 'banks', 'operations', 'latin', 'unit', 'state', 'aristeguieta', 'international', 'thomson', 'scotiabank', 'ceo', 'taps', 'run', 'streets']
Article Summary: 
(Bloomberg) -- Bank of Nova Scotia hired Francisco Aristeguieta to run its international operations, one of the first major moves by new Chief Executive Officer Scott Thomson as he begins to put his stamp on the bank.
Most Read from BloombergAristeguieta, who starts May 1, comes from State Street Corp., where he held the role of CEO of institutional services since 2020.
Ignacio Deschamps, Scotiabank’s current international head, will retire at the end of April, according to a statement from the Toronto-based bank on Monday.
Porter pruned parts of Scotiabank’s international unit, choosing to focus on a handful of key markets including Mexico, Chile and Peru, where it’s in the top five among banks.
Aristeguieta “will bring his experience and leadership to help us drive engagement and deliver for our customers in our international markets,” Thomson said in the statement.



 Article Title: Scotiabank international banking head leaving as external hire tapped to lead Latin America focus
Article Keywords: ['tapped', 'external', 'latin', 'markets', 'america', 'lead', 'head', 'deschamps', 'bank', 'international', 'thomson', 'leaving', 'scotiabank', 'hire', 'focus', 'ceo', 'role', 'mr']
Article Summary: 
Bank of Nova Scotia BNS-T head of international banking Ignacio (Nacho) Deschamps is leaving the bank, as its new chief executive officer taps an external hire to lead its renewed focus on Latin America.
The change comes as Mr. Thomson launches a new strategy to rejig Scotiabank, turning his focus toward the lender’s Latin America division.
Since joining Scotiabank in 2016, Mr. Deschamps oversaw the bank’s personal, small business and commercial banking operations globally outside of Canada, and he led Scotiabank’s digital transformation.
“Nacho is an outstanding global banker with a deep knowledge of Latin America,” Mr. Thomson said in a statement.
“During his time with the bank, he reshaped our international footprint, led our international markets through a pandemic and built a highly competitive banking franchise in our key markets.



 Article Title: Bank of Nova Scotia stock rises Thursday, outperforms market
Article Keywords: ['outperforms', 'shares', 'market', 'terms', 'stock', 'trading', 'bank', 'using', 'nova', 'volume', 'data', 'rises', 'scotia']
Article Summary: 
Shares of Bank of Nova Scotia BNS, -0.29% inched 0.65% higher to C$68.47 Thursday, in what proved to be an all-around favorable trading session for the Canadian market, with the S&P/TSX Composite Index GSPTSE, -0.16% rising 0.54% to 20,564.49.
Bank of Nova Scotia closed C$19.02 below its 52-week high (C$87.49), which the company reached on April 21st.
Trading volume of 5.5 M shares eclipsed its 50-day average volume of 4.5 M.Editor's Note: This story was auto-generated by Automated Insights, an automation technology provider, using data from Dow Jones and FactSet.
See our market data terms of use.



 Article Title: Scotiabank recognized as one of the Best Workplaces™ in Canada for fourth consecutive year
Article Keywords: ['canada', 'workplace', 'workplaces', 'great', 'best', 'work', 'place', 'list', 'culture', 'employees', 'scotiabank', 'fourth', 'consecutive', 'recognized']
Article Summary: 
TORONTO , April 14, 2023 /CNW/ - For the fourth year in a row, Scotiabank is proud to be recognized as one of the Best Workplaces™ in Canada by Great Place to Work ®.
The Best Workplaces™ in Canada list is employee-driven, providing an overall portrait of workplace culture through key trust-building dimensions including credibility, respect, fairness, pride, and camaraderie.
About the Best Workplaces™ in CanadaThe 2023 Best Workplaces™ in Canada list is compiled by the Great Place to Work ® Institute.
About Great Place to Work ®Great Place to Work ® is the global authority on high-trust, high-performance workplace cultures.
In Canada , Great Place to Work ® produces both industry and demographic specific Best Workplace™ lists.



 Article Title: The Bank of Nova Scotia (NYSE:BNS) Shares Purchased by Summit Global Investments
Article Keywords: ['rating', 'global', 'shares', 'analysts', 'dividend', 'nysebns', 'summit', 'stock', 'bank', 'investments', 'ratio', 'nova', 'purchased', 'scotia', 'quarter']
Article Summary: 
Summit Global Investments' holdings in Bank of Nova Scotia were worth $1,603,000 as of its most recent filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC).
Get Bank of Nova Scotia alerts:Several other hedge funds also recently added to or reduced their stakes in BNS.
Toronto Dominion Bank raised its position in Bank of Nova Scotia by 31.0% during the third quarter.
National Bank of Canada FI lifted its holdings in Bank of Nova Scotia by 555.3% in the fourth quarter.
About Bank of Nova ScotiaThe Bank of Nova Scotia engages in the provision of financial products and services including personal, commercial, corporate, and investment banking.



 Article Title: Better Buy for Passive Income: Fortis Stock or Bank of Nova Scotia Stock?
Article Keywords: ['yield', 'buy', 'better', 'income', 'passive', 'dividend', 'price', 'stock', 'bank', 'nova', 'fortis', 'investors', 'fool', 'scotia', 'share']
Article Summary: 
Bank of Nova ScotiaBank of Nova Scotia has a new chief executive officer (CEO) this year, and changes are already underway.
The move could be a signal that Bank of Nova Scotia is planning a strategy shift in its foreign investments.
Story continuesIt will be interesting to see if Bank of Nova Scotia exits some of these markets once it completes its strategic review.
The post Better Buy for Passive Income: Fortis Stock or Bank of Nova Scotia Stock?
Claim your free dividend stock pick * Percentages as of 11/29/22More readingThe Motley Fool recommends Bank Of Nova Scotia and Fortis.



 Article Title: Better Buy: TD Stock or Bank of Nova Scotia
Article Keywords: ['banks', 'buy', 'better', 'short', 'td', 'stock', 'bank', 'institutions', 'nova', 'scotiabank', 'stocks', 'canadian', 'company', 'scotia']
Article Summary: 
Now it might confuse you as to why we’re looking at Canadian bank stocks today.
That being said, bank stocks aren’t immune to the current conditions, with all of them down in the last year.
But when it comes to Toronto Dominion Bank of Commerce (TSX:TD) or Bank of Nova Scotia (TSX:BNS), which is the better buy?
TD stockTD stock has long been one of the top choices among investors looking for growth among bank stocks.
Scotiabank stockBank of Nova Scotia, better known as Scotiabank, is another Canadian stock to consider.



 Article Title: Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc Reduces Stake in Bank of Nova Scotia Shares Amid Q4 Earnings Disappointment
Article Keywords: ['rating', 'holdings', 'shares', 'reduces', 'mitsui', 'market', 'trust', 'bank', 'nova', 'stake', 'sumitomo', 'q4', 'scotia', 'share', 'banking']
Article Summary: 
Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. has made a strategic move by reducing its stake in Bank of Nova Scotia shares during the fourth quarter, according to a 13F filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
The company reduced its holding in the Canadian bank by 1.7%, selling off 52,164 shares, and now owns 3,023,965 shares worth $148,360,000 at the end of Q4.
Analysts predict that The Bank of Nova Scotia will post an EPS figure of 5.63 for the current fiscal year which should increase investor confidence going forward.
Bank of Nova Scotia Receives Boost from Institutional Investors and Increases Dividend PayoutsBank of Nova Scotia Receives Boost from Hedge Funds and Other Institutional InvestorsBank of Nova Scotia has seen a significant increase in stakes held by hedge funds and other institutional investors.
As a result of this development, shares of Bank of Nova Scotia opened higher on Wednesday with a price per share of $50.53, indicating an optimistic market sentiment among investors.



 Article Title: Baytex Provides Update to Debt Financing for Ranger Acquisition
Article Keywords: ['statements', 'securities', 'update', 'baytex', 'debt', 'acquisition', 'forwardlooking', 'facility', 'shareholders', 'registration', 'financing', 'merger', 'provides', 'information', 'ranger']
Article Summary: 
(5) Reflects an increase due to the issuance of Baytex common shares to Ranger shareholders as consideration for the Merger.
The forward-looking statements contained in this press release speak only as of the date thereof and are expressly qualified by this cautionary statement.
Although Baytex believes the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements or information are reasonable, undue reliance should not be placed on forward-looking statements because Baytex can give no assurance that such expectations will prove to be correct.
Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, which could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed, projected or implied by the forward-looking statements.
Shareholders of Baytex are advised to read the Information Circular in connection with Baytex's solicitation of proxies for the meeting of Baytex shareholders to approve the Merger.


